---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

> The German version of this privacy policy at [/de/privacy](/de/privacy) is the legally binding original. The English text below is provided as a courtesy translation.

## Privacy Policy

### Data protection

Use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. Where personal data (such as name, address or email addresses) is collected on our pages, this is always done on a voluntary basis where possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

The use of contact data published in connection with the obligation to provide an imprint by third parties for the purpose of sending unsolicited advertising and information material is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of these pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited advertising information being sent, e.g. via spam emails.

### Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files stored on your computer that allow analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will, however, be truncated by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services relating to website activity and Internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.

You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address), and from processing this data, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

Sources: Privacy policy from eRecht24, Google Analytics privacy policy
